---
layout: post
title:  "Awake"
date:   2013-11-05 21:17:15
categories: rambling
comments: false
---

It's been a long time since I last blogged.  The older AlexLe.net was somehow errored out, so I take it as a sign to switch to Jekyll.  I wanted to get hands on with my posts, and syntax highlighting supports on Jekyll is great. 

Now that I'm older, I reflect on the younger years to try to understand myself more.  When I just graduated from college, I was full of energy.  Everything is new and exciting.  Making money is great, and it was solely my goal.  Making money now to me is still very important, but after experiencing the ups and downs of the adult life, just to make money isn't as fulfulling.  Money is a resource, but it can be earned back.  Time is a resource, but time can't be regained once lost.  Though even knowing this time-money relationship, I seem to spend time even more carelessly than with money.  But by blogging, my goal is to once again getting in touch with myself.

I will be blogging more regularly, for my own sake.  I want to feel the joy of getting down my thoughts into words, then get to the terminal and `git push`.  Thanks Jekyll!

This is my new journey into health, wellness, and success that boils down to:

- Workout regularly.  Get energized.
- Being Productive and Focus
- Engage with the world surrounding me more.

The key to this process is to not do too much, just focusing on one single thing at a time.  My one thing now is to work out regularly and stay energized thru out the day.